Add resue text (#2737)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/opentelemetry-instrumentation/aws-lambda/nodejs.md

   * `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` - Sets OpenTelemetry resources. Add the `deployment.environment=[environment-name]` tag as needed to allow for filtering by environment on dashboard panels. (For more information, see [Services Dashboard Panels](/docs/apm/traces/services-list-map#services-dashboard-panels)). Tracing `application` and `cloud.account.id` are set with the `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` environment variable:

     * `application=YOUR_APPLICATION_NAME` - the string value, if the function is a part of complex system/application then set it for all other functions/applications.
     * `cloud.account.id=YOUR_CLOUD_ACCOUNT_ID` - set an additional tag that will contain your [AWS Lambda Account ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/acct-identifiers.html). This will help to provide more relevant data.   

        All of the attributes above are comma separated key/value pairs (this is also a way to add additional information to the spans, just after comma add additional key=value pair) such as, `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=application=YOUR_APPLICATION_NAME,cloud.account.id=123456789012`.

>    * `SUMOLOGIC_HTTP_TRACES_ENDPOINT_URL` has to be set to send all gathered telemetry data to Sumo Logic. The URL comes from an [HTTP Traces Endpoint URL](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/http-traces-source.md). You can use an existing Source or create a new one if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `SUMOLOGIC_HTTP_TRACES_ENDPOINT_URL` has to be set to send all gathered telemetry data to Sumo Logic. The URL comes from an [HTTP Traces Endpoint URL](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/http-traces-source.md). You can use an existing Source or create a new one, if needed.
```

     * `SUMOLOGIC_HTTP_TRACES_ENDPOINT_URL` has to be set to send all gathered telemetry data to Sumo Logic. The URL comes from an [HTTP Traces Endpoint URL](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/http-traces-source.md). You can use an existing Source or create a new one if needed.

>      * {@import ../../../../../reuse/otel-deployment-environment-tag.md}

Reviewer 2: Please put it as a part of OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES. It's not separated environment variable.

1. Navigate to the **Configuration > Environment variables** section and set up the following environment variables:

   * `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER = /opt/otel-handler` - Enables auto-instrumentation.
   * `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER = always_on` - Enables traces sampling.

>    * `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME = YOUR_SERVICE_NAME` - Ensure you define it as a string value that represents the function name and its business logic such as "Check SQS Lambda". This will appear as the tracing service name in Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `OTEL_SERVICE_NAME = YOUR_SERVICE_NAME` - Sets the tracing service name in Sumo Logic. Make sure to define it as a string value that represents the function name and its business logic, such as "Check SQS Lambda".
```

   * `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` - Sets OpenTelemetry resources. Add the `deployment.environment=[environment-name]` tag as needed to allow for filtering by environment on dashboard panels. (For more information, see [Services Dashboard Panels](/docs/apm/traces/services-list-map#services-dashboard-panels)). Tracing `application` and `cloud.account.id` are set with the `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` environment variable:

     * `application=YOUR_APPLICATION_NAME` - the string value, if the function is a part of complex system/application then set it for all other functions/applications.
     * `cloud.account.id=YOUR_CLOUD_ACCOUNT_ID` - set an additional tag that will contain your [AWS Lambda Account ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/acct-identifiers.html). This will help to provide more relevant data.   

        All of the attributes above are comma separated key/value pairs (this is also a way to add additional information to the spans, just after comma add additional key=value pair) such as, `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES=application=YOUR_APPLICATION_NAME,cloud.account.id=123456789012`.

>    * `SUMOLOGIC_HTTP_TRACES_ENDPOINT_URL` has to be set to send all gathered telemetry data to Sumo Logic. The URL comes from an [HTTP Traces Endpoint URL](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/http-traces-source.md). You can use an existing Source or create a new one if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `SUMOLOGIC_HTTP_TRACES_ENDPOINT_URL` has to be set to send all gathered telemetry data to Sumo Logic. The URL comes from an [HTTP Traces Endpoint URL](/docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/http-traces-source.md). You can use an existing Source or create a new one, if needed.
```
